apps/appointment-booking-N3/README.md, before:

# DocliQ - Appointment Booking N3

A comprehensive healthcare appointment booking web application built with React and TypeScript. This is the N3 iteration of the appointment booking prototype, featuring a complete user flow from authentication through appointment confirmation.

## Overview

DocliQ N3 is a full-featured appointment booking platform that enables users to:
- Search and book doctor appointments
- Manage family member profiles
- View appointment history
- Access personalized health content
- Manage account settings and notifications

The app follows a mobile-first design approach with a focus on trust, efficiency, and humanity, aligned with German healthcare standards and GDPR compliance.

## Features

### Component System
- **Unified Button Component**: Reusable `Button` component (`src/components/ui/Button.tsx`) with 8 semantic variants:
  - `primary`: Main CTAs (teal filled)
  - `secondary`: Alternative actions (teal outline)
  - `tertiary`: Low-emphasis actions (ghost)
  - `accent`: Highlight/urgent actions (coral filled)
  - `destructive`: Dangerous actions outline (red)
  - `destructive-filled`: Confirm destructive actions (red filled)
  - `icon`: Icon-only buttons (circular transparent)
  - `link`: Text-only buttons
  - **Sizes**: `sm` (40px), `md` (44px), `lg` (48-56px)
  - **Features**: Loading state with spinner, full-width support, left/right icon slots
- **Icon Library**: Tabler Icons (`@tabler/icons-react` v3.36.1) for modern, consistent iconography across 60+ unique icons and 130+ instances:
  - Navigation: Home, Calendar, Clock, Settings, ChevronLeft, ChevronRight
  - Actions: Search, Check, Close, Send, Download, Share
  - Status: CircleCheck, CircleX, AlertCircle, Help
  - User: User, Users, Heart, HeartFilled
  - Location: MapPin, Briefcase
  - **All 54 files migrated**: Components, screens (auth, booking, settings, history, reschedule, assistant, notifications, newsfeed)
- **Design System**: Built on DocliQ design tokens (teal, coral, red semantic colors) with Tailwind CSS v3

### Authentication & Profile
- **Welcome Screen**: Brand introduction and feature overview
- **User Registration**: Account creation with email verification
- **Sign In**: Secure authentication flow with forgot password option
- **Forgot Password**: Email-based password recovery with 6-digit verification code
- **Reset Password**: Secure password reset with new password confirmation
- **Verify Identity**: In-app identity check before booking
- **Profile Management**: Complete profile setup with insurance type (GKV/PKV)
- **Family Members**: Manage appointments for dependents
- **Family Member Detail**: View and update dependent profiles

### Appointment Booking Flow
1. **Search**: Select medical specialty and view recent searches
2. **Location**: Choose search location with radius filter
3. **Results**: Browse available doctors with filters (insurance, rating, distance)
4. **Doctor Profile**: View detailed doctor information, reviews, and availability
5. **Slot Selection**: Choose appointment date and time
6. **Confirmation**: Review appointment details and select patient
7. **Success**: Confirmation screen with appointment summary

### Internationalization (i18n)
- **Multi-language support**: English and German translation support using react-i18next
- **Namespaced translations**: Organized by domain (settings, home, notifications, booking, auth, profile) for incremental expansion
- **Complete translation coverage**: 
  - All authentication screens (5 screens, 50+ keys)
  - All profile screens (4 screens, 80+ keys)
  - All settings screens (7 screens, 82+ keys including FAQ items and help topics)
  - Home and notifications screens with localized date formatting
- **Dynamic content localization**: FAQ accordion items and Help Centre topic grids load from i18n resources, not hardcoded data
- **Dynamic relationship labels**: Relationship types translate based on current language preference
- **Localized date formatting**: Date labels and formatting adapt to current language preference (German de-DE and English en-US)
- **Language persistence**: Language preference stored in app state and localStorage

### Additional Features
- **Home Dashboard**: Quick actions, upcoming appointments, and personalized content
- **Today's Focus**: Upcoming appointment spotlight with quick actions
- **Updates Center**: Bell icon with unread indicator navigates to Updates screen with two tabs:
  - **Notifications**: Grouped notifications (TODAY, YESTERDAY) for booking updates, cancellations, reminders, security alerts, and family changes with actionable links
  - **News Feed**: Curated health content featuring Short Guides carousel (video cards), Featured Story with "NEW" badge, and Latest Health News articles with category badges, read times, and "Load more" pagination
- **Article Detail**: Full article reading experience with hero images, author profiles, rich text content, key takeaway callouts, related topics, and Share/Save actions; back button returns to News Feed tab preserving navigation context
- **Appointment Details**: View visit summary, location, and actions
- **Book Again & Reschedule**: Guided flows for repeat visits and schedule changes
- **Assistant**: Entry points for guided discovery and voice support
- **Appointment History**: View past and upcoming appointments with filtering
- **CMS Integration**: Insurance-specific health content and promotions
- **Settings**: Account management, notifications, language, privacy, and support
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for mobile and desktop experiences

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18.2
- **Language**: TypeScript 5.3
- **Build Tool**: Vite 5.0
- **Routing**: React Router DOM 6.20
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS 3.4
- **Internationalization**: react-i18next 11.x and i18next 23.x
- **Design System**: 
  - `@meda/tokens` - Shared design tokens
  - `@meda/ui` - Reusable React components
- **State Management**: React Context API with localStorage persistence
- **Font**: DM Sans (Google Fonts)

## Project Structure

```
appointment-booking-N3/
├── src/
│   ├── components/          # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── cards/          # Card components (Appointment, Doctor, CMS, etc.)
│   │   ├── display/        # Display components (Avatar, Rating, EmptyState, etc.)
│   │   ├── forms/          # Form components (Field, Select, RadioGroup, etc.)
│   │   ├── layout/         # Layout components (Header, Page, TabBar)
│   │   ├── newsfeed/       # News Feed components (ShortGuidesSection, FeaturedStoryCard, etc.)
│   │   └── notifications/  # Notification components (NotificationCard)
│   ├── data/               # Mock data and API functions
│   │   ├── api.ts          # API service functions
│   │   ├── doctors.ts      # Doctor data
│   │   ├── stores.ts       # Pharmacy/store data
│   │   ├── timeSlots.ts    # Time slot utilities
│   │   ├── cms.ts          # CMS content
│   │   ├── notifications.ts # Notification mock data
│   │   └── newsfeed.ts     # News Feed articles and guides
│   ├── i18n/               # Internationalization (i18n)
│   │   └── index.ts        # i18next configuration and initialization
│   ├── hooks/              # Custom React hooks
│   │   └── useI18nSync.ts  # Hook to sync i18n language with app state
│   ├── locales/            # Translation files
│   │   ├── en/             # English translations
│   │   │   ├── settings.json
│   │   │   ├── home.json
│   │   │   ├── notifications.json
│   │   │   ├── booking.json
│   │   │   ├── auth.json
│   │   │   └── profile.json
│   │   └── de/             # German translations
│   │       ├── settings.json
│   │       ├── home.json
│   │       ├── notifications.json
│   │       ├── booking.json
│   │       ├── auth.json
│   │       └── profile.json
│   ├── routes/             # Routing configuration
│   │   ├── paths.ts        # Route path constants
│   │   ├── guards.tsx     # Route guards (RequireAuth, RequireProfileComplete)
│   │   └── index.ts        # Route exports
│   ├── screens/            # Screen components
│   │   ├── auth/           # Authentication screens
│   │   ├── assistant/      # Assistant screens
│   │   ├── book-again/     # Book again flow screens
│   │   ├── booking/        # Booking flow screens
│   │   ├── home/           # Home dashboard
│   │   ├── history/        # Appointment history
│   │   ├── appointments/   # Appointment detail screens
│   │   ├── notifications/  # Notifications/Updates screen
│   │   ├── newsfeed/       # Article detail screen
│   │   ├── profile/        # Profile management
│   │   ├── reschedule/     # Reschedule flow screens
│   │   └── settings/       # Settings screens
│   ├── state/              # State management
│   │   ├── AppContext.tsx  # Main app context provider
│   │   ├── storage.ts      # localStorage utilities
│   │   └── index.ts        # State hooks exports
│   ├── types/              # TypeScript type definitions
│   ├── utils/              # Utility functions
│   ├── App.tsx             # Main app component with routing
│   ├── main.tsx            # App entry point
│   └── index.css           # Global styles and design tokens
├── index.html              # HTML template
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite configuration
├── tailwind.config.ts      # Tailwind CSS configuration
├── tsconfig.json           # TypeScript configuration
└── package.json            # Dependencies and scripts
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and pnpm (or npm/yarn)
- Access to the monorepo root (for shared packages)

### Installation

From the monorepo root:

```bash
# Install all dependencies (including shared packages)
pnpm install

# Build shared packages (required before running the app)
pnpm build:packages
```

### Development

```bash
# Start the development server
pnpm dev:n3

# Or from the app directory
cd apps/appointment-booking-N3
pnpm dev
```

The app will be available at **http://localhost:5190**

### Build

```bash
# Build for production
pnpm build

# Preview production build
pnpm preview
```

## Design System

The app uses the **DocliQ Design System** based on the Brand Guide 2025:

### Color Palette
- **Teal** (Primary): `#13A3B5` - Primary CTAs and brand elements
- **Charcoal** (Text): `#1C2A30` - Primary text color
- **Cream** (Background): `#FAF8F5` - Main app background
- **Slate** (Secondary): `#5E7A86` - Secondary text
- **Coral** (Accent): `#E88A73` - Accent elements

### Typography
- **Font Family**: DM Sans
- **Scale**: Responsive type scale optimized for readability
- **WCAG 2.1 AA Compliant**: All text meets contrast requirements

### Components
Reusable components are available from `@meda/ui` and custom components in `src/components/`.

## State Management

The app uses React Context API for state management with localStorage persistence:

- **AppContext**: Main application state (auth, profile, booking, appointments)
- **Storage**: Automatic persistence to localStorage with key `docliq_n3_state_v1`
- **Route Guards**: Protected routes requiring authentication and profile completion

### State Structure

```typescript
{
  auth: { user: User | null }
  profile: { profile: Profile, familyMembers: FamilyMember[] }
  booking: { 
    searchParams: SearchParams
    selectedDoctor: Doctor | null
    selectedSlot: TimeSlot | null
    appointments: Appointment[]
  }
}
```

## Routing

The app uses React Router with the following main routes:

- `/auth/welcome` - Welcome screen
- `/auth/register` - Registration
- `/auth/sign-in` - Sign in
- `/auth/verify` - Email verification
- `/auth/verify-identity` - Identity verification
- `/home` - Home dashboard
- `/notifications` - Updates center with Notifications and News Feed tabs
- `/news/:articleId` - Article detail view with full content
- `/booking/*` - Booking flow (search → location → results → doctor → slots → confirm → success)
- `/history` - Appointment history
- `/appointments/*` - Appointment detail views
- `/book-again/*` - Book again flow
- `/reschedule/*` - Reschedule flow
- `/assistant/*` - Assistant and voice assistant
- `/profile/*` - Profile management
- `/settings/*` - Settings, notifications, language, privacy, support

All routes except auth are protected and require authentication and profile completion.

## Data & API

Currently uses mock data located in `src/data/`. The API functions in `src/data/api.ts` are structured to be easily replaced with real API calls:

- `apiSearchDoctors()` - Search doctors by specialty and location
- `apiGetDoctor(id)` - Get doctor details
- `apiGetAvailableDates(id)` - Get available appointment dates
- `apiGetSlotsForDate(id, date)` - Get time slots for a date
- `apiBookAppointment()` - Book an appointment
- `apiGetCMSContent()` - Get personalized content

## Development Guidelines

### Code Style
- TypeScript strict mode enabled
- No semicolons, single quotes, trailing commas (per project standards)
- Component files use PascalCase
- Utility files use camelCase

### Adding Features
1. Create components in appropriate `components/` subdirectory
2. Add screens in `screens/` with corresponding route in `App.tsx`
3. Update types in `types/` as needed
4. Use design tokens from `@meda/tokens` for colors/spacing
5. Follow existing patterns for state management

### Testing
- Manual testing recommended for UI flows
- Check responsive behavior on mobile and desktop
- Verify route guards work correctly
- Test localStorage persistence

## Browser Support

- Modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Chrome Mobile)
- Responsive design optimized for mobile-first

## Version

**DocliQ N3 v1.0.0**

## License

Private - All rights reserved.

Commit message:

feat(booking): add booking type selector and smarter history filters

apps/appointment-booking-N3/README.md, after:

# DocliQ - Appointment Booking N3

A comprehensive healthcare appointment booking web application built with React and TypeScript. This is the N3 iteration of the appointment booking prototype, featuring a complete user flow from authentication through appointment confirmation.

## Overview

DocliQ N3 is a full-featured appointment booking platform that enables users to:
- Search and book doctor appointments
- Manage family member profiles
- View appointment history
- Access personalized health content
- Manage account settings and notifications

The app follows a mobile-first design approach with a focus on trust, efficiency, and humanity, aligned with German healthcare standards and GDPR compliance.

## Features

### Component System
- **Unified Button Component**: Reusable `Button` component (`src/components/ui/Button.tsx`) with 8 semantic variants:
  - `primary`: Main CTAs (teal filled)
  - `secondary`: Alternative actions (teal outline)
  - `tertiary`: Low-emphasis actions (ghost)
  - `accent`: Highlight/urgent actions (coral filled)
  - `destructive`: Dangerous actions outline (red)
  - `destructive-filled`: Confirm destructive actions (red filled)
  - `icon`: Icon-only buttons (circular transparent)
  - `link`: Text-only buttons
  - **Sizes**: `sm` (40px), `md` (44px), `lg` (48-56px)
  - **Features**: Loading state with spinner, full-width support, left/right icon slots
- **Icon Library**: Tabler Icons (`@tabler/icons-react` v3.36.1) for modern, consistent iconography across 60+ unique icons and 130+ instances:
  - Navigation: Home, Calendar, Clock, Settings, ChevronLeft, ChevronRight
  - Actions: Search, Check, Close, Send, Download, Share
  - Status: CircleCheck, CircleX, AlertCircle, Help
  - User: User, Users, Heart, HeartFilled
  - Location: MapPin, Briefcase
  - **All 54 files migrated**: Components, screens (auth, booking, settings, history, reschedule, assistant, notifications, newsfeed)
- **Design System**: Built on DocliQ design tokens (teal, coral, red semantic colors) with Tailwind CSS v3

### Authentication & Profile
- **Welcome Screen**: Brand introduction and feature overview
- **User Registration**: Account creation with email verification
- **Sign In**: Secure authentication flow with forgot password option
- **Forgot Password**: Email-based password recovery with 6-digit verification code
- **Reset Password**: Secure password reset with new password confirmation
- **Verify Identity**: In-app identity check before booking
- **Profile Management**: Complete profile setup with insurance type (GKV/PKV)
- **Family Members**: Manage appointments for dependents
- **Family Member Detail**: View and update dependent profiles

### Appointment Booking Flow
1. **Choose how to book**: New booking type screen with three paths:
   - **Fast Lane**: Guided flow where users describe symptoms and the system matches them to a suitable doctor
   - **By specialty**: Classic flow starting from a medical specialty (original N3 path)
   - **By doctor**: Reserved for future release (marked as “coming soon”)
2. **Search**: Select medical specialty and view recent searches
3. **Location**: Choose search location with radius filter
4. **Results**: Browse available doctors with filters (insurance, rating, distance)
5. **Doctor Profile**: View detailed doctor information, reviews, and availability
6. **Slot Selection**: Choose appointment date and time
7. **Confirmation**: Review appointment details and select patient
8. **Success**: Confirmation screen with appointment summary

### Internationalization (i18n)
- **Multi-language support**: English and German translation support using react-i18next
- **Namespaced translations**: Organized by domain (settings, home, notifications, booking, auth, profile) for incremental expansion
- **Complete translation coverage**: 
  - All authentication screens (5 screens, 50+ keys)
  - All profile screens (4 screens, 80+ keys)
  - All settings screens (7 screens, 82+ keys including FAQ items and help topics)
  - Home and notifications screens with localized date formatting
- **Dynamic content localization**: FAQ accordion items and Help Centre topic grids load from i18n resources, not hardcoded data
- **Dynamic relationship labels**: Relationship types translate based on current language preference
- **Localized date formatting**: Date labels and formatting adapt to current language preference (German de-DE and English en-US)
- **Language persistence**: Language preference stored in app state and localStorage

### Additional Features
- **Home Dashboard**: Quick actions, upcoming appointments, and personalized content
- **Today's Focus**: Upcoming appointment spotlight with quick actions
- **Updates Center**: Bell icon with unread indicator navigates to Updates screen with two tabs:
  - **Notifications**: Grouped notifications (TODAY, YESTERDAY) for booking updates, cancellations, reminders, security alerts, and family changes with actionable links
  - **News Feed**: Curated health content featuring Short Guides carousel (video cards), Featured Story with "NEW" badge, and Latest Health News articles with category badges, read times, and "Load more" pagination
- **Article Detail**: Full article reading experience with hero images, author profiles, rich text content, key takeaway callouts, related topics, and Share/Save actions; back button returns to News Feed tab preserving navigation context
- **Appointment Details**: View visit summary, location, and actions
- **Book Again & Reschedule**: Guided flows for repeat visits and schedule changes
- **Assistant**: Entry points for guided discovery and voice support
- **Appointment History**: View past and upcoming appointments with smart grouping (Upcoming vs Others), status filters (matching, awaiting confirmation, cancelled by doctor), and a floating “Book new appointment” action
- **CMS Integration**: Insurance-specific health content and promotions
- **Settings**: Account management, notifications, language, privacy, and support
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for mobile and desktop experiences

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18.2
- **Language**: TypeScript 5.3
- **Build Tool**: Vite 5.0
- **Routing**: React Router DOM 6.20
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS 3.4
- **Internationalization**: react-i18next 11.x and i18next 23.x
- **Design System**: 
  - `@meda/tokens` - Shared design tokens
  - `@meda/ui` - Reusable React components
- **State Management**: React Context API with localStorage persistence
- **Font**: DM Sans (Google Fonts)

## Project Structure

```
appointment-booking-N3/
├── src/
│   ├── components/          # Reusable UI components
│   │   ├── cards/          # Card components (Appointment, Doctor, CMS, etc.)
│   │   ├── display/        # Display components (Avatar, Rating, EmptyState, etc.)
│   │   ├── forms/          # Form components (Field, Select, RadioGroup, etc.)
│   │   ├── layout/         # Layout components (Header, Page, TabBar)
│   │   ├── newsfeed/       # News Feed components (ShortGuidesSection, FeaturedStoryCard, etc.)
│   │   └── notifications/  # Notification components (NotificationCard)
│   ├── data/               # Mock data and API functions
│   │   ├── api.ts          # API service functions
│   │   ├── doctors.ts      # Doctor data
│   │   ├── stores.ts       # Pharmacy/store data
│   │   ├── timeSlots.ts    # Time slot utilities
│   │   ├── cms.ts          # CMS content
│   │   ├── notifications.ts # Notification mock data
│   │   └── newsfeed.ts     # News Feed articles and guides
│   ├── i18n/               # Internationalization (i18n)
│   │   └── index.ts        # i18next configuration and initialization
│   ├── hooks/              # Custom React hooks
│   │   └── useI18nSync.ts  # Hook to sync i18n language with app state
│   ├── locales/            # Translation files
│   │   ├── en/             # English translations
│   │   │   ├── settings.json
│   │   │   ├── home.json
│   │   │   ├── notifications.json
│   │   │   ├── booking.json
│   │   │   ├── auth.json
│   │   │   └── profile.json
│   │   └── de/             # German translations
│   │       ├── settings.json
│   │       ├── home.json
│   │       ├── notifications.json
│   │       ├── booking.json
│   │       ├── auth.json
│   │       └── profile.json
│   ├── routes/             # Routing configuration
│   │   ├── paths.ts        # Route path constants
│   │   ├── guards.tsx     # Route guards (RequireAuth, RequireProfileComplete)
│   │   └── index.ts        # Route exports
│   ├── screens/            # Screen components
│   │   ├── auth/           # Authentication screens
│   │   ├── assistant/      # Assistant screens
│   │   ├── book-again/     # Book again flow screens
│   │   ├── booking/        # Booking flow screens
│   │   ├── home/           # Home dashboard
│   │   ├── history/        # Appointment history
│   │   ├── appointments/   # Appointment detail screens
│   │   ├── notifications/  # Notifications/Updates screen
│   │   ├── newsfeed/       # Article detail screen
│   │   ├── profile/        # Profile management
│   │   ├── reschedule/     # Reschedule flow screens
│   │   └── settings/       # Settings screens
│   ├── state/              # State management
│   │   ├── AppContext.tsx  # Main app context provider
│   │   ├── storage.ts      # localStorage utilities
│   │   └── index.ts        # State hooks exports
│   ├── types/              # TypeScript type definitions
│   ├── utils/              # Utility functions
│   ├── App.tsx             # Main app component with routing
│   ├── main.tsx            # App entry point
│   └── index.css           # Global styles and design tokens
├── index.html              # HTML template
├── vite.config.ts          # Vite configuration
├── tailwind.config.ts      # Tailwind CSS configuration
├── tsconfig.json           # TypeScript configuration
└── package.json            # Dependencies and scripts
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ and pnpm (or npm/yarn)
- Access to the monorepo root (for shared packages)

### Installation

From the monorepo root:

```bash
# Install all dependencies (including shared packages)
pnpm install

# Build shared packages (required before running the app)
pnpm build:packages
```

### Development

```bash
# Start the development server
pnpm dev:n3

# Or from the app directory
cd apps/appointment-booking-N3
pnpm dev
```

The app will be available at **http://localhost:5190**

### Build

```bash
# Build for production
pnpm build

# Preview production build
pnpm preview
```

## Design System

The app uses the **DocliQ Design System** based on the Brand Guide 2025:

### Color Palette
- **Teal** (Primary): `#13A3B5` - Primary CTAs and brand elements
- **Charcoal** (Text): `#1C2A30` - Primary text color
- **Cream** (Background): `#FAF8F5` - Main app background
- **Slate** (Secondary): `#5E7A86` - Secondary text
- **Coral** (Accent): `#E88A73` - Accent elements

### Typography
- **Font Family**: DM Sans
- **Scale**: Responsive type scale optimized for readability
- **WCAG 2.1 AA Compliant**: All text meets contrast requirements

### Components
Reusable components are available from `@meda/ui` and custom components in `src/components/`.

## State Management

The app uses React Context API for state management with localStorage persistence:

- **AppContext**: Main application state (auth, profile, booking, appointments)
- **Storage**: Automatic persistence to localStorage with key `docliq_n3_state_v1`
- **Route Guards**: Protected routes requiring authentication and profile completion

### State Structure

```typescript
{
  auth: { user: User | null }
  profile: { profile: Profile, familyMembers: FamilyMember[] }
  booking: { 
    searchParams: SearchParams
    selectedDoctor: Doctor | null
    selectedSlot: TimeSlot | null
    appointments: Appointment[]
  }
}
```

## Routing

The app uses React Router with the following main routes:

- `/auth/welcome` - Welcome screen
- `/auth/register` - Registration
- `/auth/sign-in` - Sign in
- `/auth/verify` - Email verification
- `/auth/verify-identity` - Identity verification
- `/home` - Home dashboard
- `/notifications` - Updates center with Notifications and News Feed tabs
- `/news/:articleId` - Article detail view with full content
- `/booking/*` - Booking flow (search → location → results → doctor → slots → confirm → success)
- `/history` - Appointment history
- `/appointments/*` - Appointment detail views
- `/book-again/*` - Book again flow
- `/reschedule/*` - Reschedule flow
- `/assistant/*` - Assistant and voice assistant
- `/profile/*` - Profile management
- `/settings/*` - Settings, notifications, language, privacy, support

All routes except auth are protected and require authentication and profile completion.

## Data & API

Currently uses mock data located in `src/data/`. The API functions in `src/data/api.ts` are structured to be easily replaced with real API calls:

- `apiSearchDoctors()` - Search doctors by specialty and location
- `apiGetDoctor(id)` - Get doctor details
- `apiGetAvailableDates(id)` - Get available appointment dates
- `apiGetSlotsForDate(id, date)` - Get time slots for a date
- `apiBookAppointment()` - Book an appointment
- `apiGetCMSContent()` - Get personalized content

## Development Guidelines

### Code Style
- TypeScript strict mode enabled
- No semicolons, single quotes, trailing commas (per project standards)
- Component files use PascalCase
- Utility files use camelCase

### Adding Features
1. Create components in appropriate `components/` subdirectory
2. Add screens in `screens/` with corresponding route in `App.tsx`
3. Update types in `types/` as needed
4. Use design tokens from `@meda/tokens` for colors/spacing
5. Follow existing patterns for state management

### Testing
- Manual testing recommended for UI flows
- Check responsive behavior on mobile and desktop
- Verify route guards work correctly
- Test localStorage persistence

## Browser Support

- Modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge)
- Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Chrome Mobile)
- Responsive design optimized for mobile-first

## Version

**DocliQ N3 v1.0.0**

## License

Private - All rights reserved.
